well howdy there internet people this
bow again so tonight we're going to talk
about Bundy branch courage and elf on
the shelf
I know those things don't sound like
they have anything in common
courage today when people say Kurds they
think the absence of fear that's not
what courage is courage is recognizing a
danger and overcoming your fear of it
that's what courage is the absence of
fear stupidity
fear exists for a reason it keeps you
alive rational fear anyone now a lot of
people point to Bundy ranch as as a good
example of courage mm-hmm now if you're
not familiar with it some ranchers faced
off with the Bureau of Land Management
it's basically what happened I was asked
to go I had some friends asked me to go
there and offer my advice I said no I
didn't want to be a part of amateur hour
at the OK Corral and I thought the
tactics that the Bundy's were using were
reckless at best and I thought it would
lead to unnecessary bloodshed saying
this because I want to firmly establish
that I'm not a fan of the Bundy's now
most of you were kind of liberal you may
not know this but since that incident
the bunnies have become social media
phenomenons they're our darlings of the
far right and this week I watched Amon
Bundy display true courage real courage
he went to his audience his fanbase of
far-right people and openly and
repeatedly called out the president's
immigration policy in no uncertain terms
I actually encourage you to go look and
see what he said you know I tend to
focus on
the the the legal and moral aspects of
it he he went to the religious aspects
and it's rather interesting so to me
that's courage and the reason I want to
acknowledge that courage is because in
my comments section a lot I see people
say things like man I wish there were
more people from the South that thought
like you I wish there were more people
that looked like you that acted like you
there are the majority of rural America
supports freedom real freedom freedom
for everybody you know that there are
people that truly believe in the
Constitution and the whole premise of
the Bill of Rights could be summed up
with your right to be left alone but
because of that and because they embody
that they mind their own business a good
example with that was today and what may
be the greatest cliche ever my wife
wanted pictures of the kids with Santa
so we head to Bass Pro Shop like good
rednecks and we get up there and my wife
also need we need to get a new Elf on
the Shelf if you don't know what this is
it's a little little elf that hangs out
moves around your house at night and he
reports back to Santa and how the kids
are behaving we need a new one and you
know so we're standing there we got all
the kids with us and my wife walks over
it out of the line to go get a new Elf
on a shelf and this random woman not a
Bass Pro Shop employee no reason to
boycott him looks at our family and then
looks at her and says oh well you want
these and motions to the male
light-skinned elves on the shelf and my
wife's like well first I want you to
picture a woman that would marry me
she's not exactly timid she's like I
really don't think that matters and the
tone of her voice made other people in
line kind of look over and the woman's
like oh yeah it matter
and you can see people their faces
everybody's like now some of them were
upset because the obvious racist
connotations to what the lady was saying
and some of them were probably upset at
the idea of a woman telling another
family what kind of Christmas decoration
they needed because we don't do that we
let people run their own lives now my
wife she says some things that can't be
repeated in polite company and it
manages to make a point of showing the
lady that she got the female latina off
on the Shelf which was entertaining and
we did manage to get out of the store
with the pictures of the kids with Santa
without ending up on worldstar that's
always a bonus but the point is that
crowd those people those people that
said nothing you could sell by the look
on their face they could not believe
that this woman would say this all white
its Bass Pro Shop come on and and you
could tell people were upset but nobody
said anything because it's not what we
did we mind our business now that I've
explained this I want to issue a
challenge to everybody that Minds their
business start lending your voices you
can't you can't just sit on the
sidelines anymore it's getting too
dangerous and too crazy out there for
for you to try to wait it out you can't
you've got to get involved you know I
know people like us the last thing in
the world that you want to do is start a
Facebook page or a YouTube channel to
tell people other people how to live
their lives it's not what you do that's
the pastor's job do it do it be that
that that megaphone for people because
here's the thing it's it's this tiny
vocal minority that's making the rest of
us look for
somebody has got to start talking for
those people who truly believe in
freedom freedom for all not freedom
based on where you were born or your
skin color or your your socio-economic
class freedom for all and we need a lot
more voices doing it you know another
comment I see a lot in the comment
section is and it comes from black
people you know my people been saying
this for years some redneck comes along
and says it goes viral you know as well
as I do that somebody that looks like us
sounds like us can say things and have
it listened to and they never listen to
it if it came from a black person you
know it'd be that megaphone start
standing up for freedom real freedom not
nationalism freedom
anyway and if you are southern belle if
you are a young southern female for
God's sake start a YouTube channel it's
one thing I've noticed about that that
social media platform you are more
important than you can possibly imagine
at getting the message out to the people
that need to hear it anyways just about
y'all have a good night